Optimize abstracts of Mng AKs (CQA) (#4960)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_removing-all-content-view-environments-from-an-activation-key.adoc

= Removing all content view environments from an activation key

[role="_abstract"]

> Use Hammer CLI to remove all content view environments from an activation key when you need to clear assignments before reconfiguring registration settings.

Author: ```suggestion
Remove all content view environments from an activation key when you need to clear assignments before reconfiguring the activation key.
```
